Adding Community and Blog links on top of the website (#16)
k3s-io/k3s-io.github.io: src/pages/community.md

---
title: Join k3s Community
description: Join k3s Community
hide_table_of_contents: false   
---

# **k3s** Community!

## Community Meetings 

> We have a recurring bi-weekly **K3s** community meeting at ___TIME HERE___ time zone. We will use this meeting to communicate updates to the project, listen to feedback from the K3s community, and also collect requirement/use cases for new features.

Author: yup marked as WIP/draft

## Community Meetings 

We have two community meetings per month:
Every Second Tuesday at 10:00 am PST
Every Third Tuesday at 11:00 am CET

> Please find the evens here: [K3s Zoom Meetings](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/k3s?view=week)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meeting join links can be found on the [Linux Foundation Project Calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/k3s?view=week).
```

> We will use this meeting to communicate updates to the project, listen to feedback from the K3s community, and also collect requirement/use cases for new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use this time to communicate project updates, listen to feedback from the K3s community, and collect requirement/use cases for new features. Note: this is not a time to seek technical support or assistance in troubleshooting issues.
```

[#k3s-contributor](https://rancher-users.slack.com/archives/CGXR87T8B) - Contribution discussions

## Follow us!
[Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/k3sio.bsky.social)

> [X](https://x.com/k3sio_io)

Reviewer: ugh, do we have to use X? I'd prefer to have a Mastodon account for the project, if the Linux Foundation has a server they suggest.
